⦁Project Title - Low power and High speed 1 bit full adder circuit

⦁Project Description:- 

This is a circuit design simulation project which is developed using the open source EDA tool eSim and skywater 130nm technology. 
The circuit developed is SERF which stands for Static Energy Recovery Full Adder which used ten CMOS transistor with 4T XOR logics to achieve low power and fast speed.
The design technique takes three inputs and produces two sum and carry outputs.

⦁Technology used - eSim, Skywater 130 nm

⦁Tasks done :-  
                              i) Gone Through the Complete research for Ip specifications of the circuit.
                              ii) Make a pdf on complete Ip specifications of the circuit in 130 nm technology.
                              iii)  The proposed selected circuit is being designed using the eSim and 
                                     simulated through skywater 130 nm technology to obtain the waveforms through NgSpice.
                              iv)  The designed new circuit final report is submitted with the netlist files and    
                                    waveform files.
  
  
⦁ Taks Left :-            
                              i) Layouting using Magic.
                             
  
  

⦁ Debugging Steps in Project

                               i)  First of all circuit has been designed in eSim using Schematic.

                               ii) Then after designing the circuit , put ports and change the name of  
                                    components and name the ports.

                              iii) Then perform electrical rules to find any error in the circuit.

                              iv) If error occured, then place power flag in the error place .

                              v) Then again run the electrical rules by saving the schematic.


                             vi)  Then create a netlist in order to generate .cir file.

                            vii) Download the skywater pdk libraries and place the .cir and files in same 
                                 folder.

                           viii) Then change the components of .cir files according to the models defined 
                                in the libraries of skywater.

                            ix) Then run the .cir files in ngspice and the desired waveform will generated.
                   




